# Assignment 3, Part 2

The Diveshop is teaching and running their own diving classes.  You've been provided a Json file (students.json in this directory) which has records of students, individual ids and their individual scores for class homework, exam and quiz. Note that it is possible that all students may have not have any of the three scores. Also, you will see in the json file that each student has a list of scores and it possible to add to the list of one student while the same key may not exist for the rest of the students. 

Once you have created and account and setup MongoDB in MongoDB Atlas (more on that later), your next task will be to insert all the data from the students.json file into the database. You must create a new collection called 'scores' and insert all the records into that. You will write queries against this loaded collection on the mongo command line or through the Atlas data explorer for the question you're trying to answer.  Screenshot your query and response for the following questions:
1. How many students took the exam, did the homework and took the quiz? Just print the count and a sample of 20 names.
2. How many took the exam and completed either the homework or the quiz? Just print the count and a sample of 20 names.
3. Find the student who got the highest on the exam (of those who took it)?
4. We would like to find all those people who scored over 50 on the exam but under 70 on the HW.

#### Extra credit
EC1. Take a weighted average of all the scores; 30% of hw, 50% of exam and 20% of the quiz. Find the student who scored the highest on the weighted average. 

You are permitted to use some functionality like taking the first element of a list of elements that are returned but things like sorting must be performed within the mongo query.

## MongoDB Atlas
You will be loading data into a MongoDB Atlas cloud instance and answering questions by creating queries and capturing the results.  Please follow the instructions carefully and keep in mind that the Atlas application may look slightly different from the version shown in the videos.

1. Create an MongoDB atlas account [here](https://www.mongodb.com/download-center).  Step by step instructions are here ->
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Kmrj6_1rpY
2. As specified in the video, make sure your cluster is given a custom name and that the computer/laptop you are using is added to the whitelist.
3. Download the data to your computer and remember the path to where it was saved.
4. Now install the mongo shell and import the data into your MongoDB cluster.  Step by step instructions are here -> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpz-6Trd1UI&t=84s
